update dev agent for preview (#9115)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/dbt-cloud-release-notes-gen.md

Release notes are grouped by date for single-tenant environments.

## May 6, 2026

## Enhancements

### dbt Copilot and agents

> - **Preview**: The [Developer agent](/docs/dbt-ai/developer-agent) is now in preview. Use the Developer agent to write or refactor dbt models from natural language, generate documentation, tests, semantic models, and SQL code from scratch. For more information, refer to the [Developer agent](/docs/dbt-ai/developer-agent).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Preview**: The [Developer agent](/docs/dbt-ai/developer-agent) is now in preview. Use natural language prompts to build or refactor models, and generate SQL, tests, documentation, and semantic models from scratch. For more information, refer to the [Developer agent](/docs/dbt-ai/developer-agent).
```

> - **Enhancement:** Delete individual [<Constant name="copilot" /> chat conversations](/docs/dbt-ai/developer-agent#availability-and-considerations) from the conversation list (three dots → **Delete**). Deleting the open conversation clears the panel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Enhancement:** Delete individual [<Constant name="copilot" /> chat conversations](/docs/dbt-ai/developer-agent#availability-and-considerations) from the conversation list (**More actions** menu (three dots) > **Delete**). Deleting the open conversation clears the panel.
```
